$ preflightkit explain SP004
SP004 — drain-window
Measures: Opens a fresh TCP connection to the target every 50ms and sends a real HTTP request on it,
so the measurement is application accept rather than kernel backlog. Under in_app and none the 
stream continues past T0 (SIGTERM) and records the last accepted connection, the resets after it, 
and the resulting accept_window_ms; under prestop the stream stops at T0, because a real preStop 
rollout has already removed the pod from routing before the signal is sent.
Preconditions:
  - in_app only — shutdown must visibly start; without an observed reaction there is no 
application-owned drain transition to measure.
  - in_app only — traffic must reach the container directly. A published port proxy accepts on the 
application's behalf, so its listener timestamps describe the proxy, not the process.
  - in_app only — the accept window must be a measurement. The probe has to still be getting 
accepted when the signal lands, or there is no post-T0 listener behaviour on record; a last accept 
further before T0 than one probe interval means nothing sampled the signal, and the verdict says 
which of the three ways that happened.
  - in_app only — in_app_window must exceed 20 probe intervals (1000ms at the 50ms default); a 
smaller window cannot be separated from the probe's own resolution.
  - Every strategy — a shutdown budget of 2s or less must exceed the measured teardown floor. Longer
budgets skip calibration, because the floor cannot change their verdict.
Verdicts (branch, by drain strategy):
  prestop:
    PASS         prestop_not_applicable
      The platform hook owns routing removal, so post-T0 listener timing is not evidence about the  
      application. accept_window_ms is still reported, as evidence only. This is the only branch    
      prestop reaches.                                                                              
  in_app:
    PASS         in_app_covered
      The listener kept accepting past the declared in_app_window with more than 20 percent reserve,
      and readiness published a status change.                                                      
    WARN         in_app_thin_margin
      The listener covered the window, but the reserve is under 20 percent — close enough that      
      ordinary host noise would breach it.                                                          
    WARN         in_app_readiness_not_signaled
      The listener covered the window, but readiness never published a status change, so load       
      balancers outside Kubernetes have nothing to observe the drain by.                            
    FAIL         in_app_listener_closed_early
      The listener stopped accepting before the declared window ended, while routing is still       
      expected to deliver new connections.                                                          
    FAIL         accept_then_reset
      A connection opened after T0 completed its handshake and was then reset with no response at   
      all. Worse than a refusal: the caller already believed it was connected. Overrides the window 
      verdict.                                                                                      
    INCONCLUSIVE shutdown_never_started
      No shutdown reaction was observed, so there is no drain transition to measure. See SP003      
      first.                                                                                        
    INCONCLUSIVE port_proxy_likely
      Traffic went through a published-port proxy — the Docker Desktop host-fallback path — so      
      listener timing describes the proxy. The unresolved candidate verdict is kept in evidence.    
    INCONCLUSIVE accept_window_unmeasured
      accept_window_ms is not a listener-close time in this run. Either the probe was never accepted
      at all, or its last accepted connection lands further before T0 than one probe interval, so   
      nothing it did after the signal was observed. The summary names which: the probe still waiting
      on that connection when the signal landed, a saturated accept queue dropping its SYNs, or a   
      listener already gone — whichever the attempts between that last accept and T0 support.       
      Reported as the negative number it is, in evidence, rather than as a listener that closed     
      before it was asked to.                                                                       
  none:
    WARN         none_uncovered
      No mechanism covers routing propagation, so connection loss is expected by declaration and    
      listener behaviour cannot improve the verdict. This is the only branch none reaches.          
  any strategy:
    INCONCLUSIVE budget_below_teardown_floor
      The shutdown budget is inside the measured teardown envelope, so no timing claim about this   
      run can be separated from Docker's own teardown cost.                                         
Why it matters: Endpoints removal is asynchronous: after SIGTERM the load balancer keeps opening new
connections for as long as the propagation takes. If the listener has already closed, those arrive 
at a closed or resetting socket and reach the caller as 502s and connection resets — during a deploy
in which the process itself exited cleanly and every log looks normal.
Drain strategies:
  - prestop: the platform hook owns routing removal before SIGTERM; the probe stops at T0 and the 
contract always passes as not_applicable.
  - in_app: the application owns the gap. It must keep accepting for in_app_window after SIGTERM and
publish a readiness change, then drain.
  - none: nothing covers routing propagation, so SP004 warns regardless of what the listener does.
First step after FAIL: Decide which strategy the deployment actually uses before reading the 
numbers. For platform-owned draining add a preStop sleep that covers propagation; for 
application-owned draining set --drain in_app and keep the listener and readiness open for the 
declared window. accept_then_reset is different: the socket is being accepted and dropped, which is 
usually a worker pool closing its listener while connections sit in the backlog.
